Update Glossary (#606)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: llms.txt

The [Polkadot network](https://polkadot.network/){target=\_blank} is a blockchain that serves as the central hub of a heterogeneous blockchain network. It serves the role of the [relay chain](#relay-chain) and provides shared infrastructure and security to support [parachains](#parachain).

## Polkadot Cloud

> Polkadot Cloud is a scalable platform for deploying resilient, customizable Web3 applications through Polkadot's functionality. It encompasses the wider Polkadot network infrastructure and security layer where parachains operate. The platform enables users to launch Ethereum-compatible chains, build specialized blockchains, and flexibly manage computing resources through on-demand or bulk coretime purchases. Initially launched with basic parachain functionality, Polkadot Cloud has evolved to offer enhanced flexibility with features like coretime, elastic scaling, and async backing for improved performance and economic options.

Reviewer: I'd remove `economic options`

```suggestion
Polkadot Cloud is a platform for deploying resilient, customizable and scalable Web3 applications through Polkadot's functionality. It encompasses the wider Polkadot network infrastructure and security layer where parachains operate. The platform enables users to launch Ethereum-compatible chains, build specialized blockchains, and flexibly manage computing resources through on-demand or bulk coretime purchases. Initially launched with basic parachain functionality, Polkadot Cloud has evolved to offer enhanced flexibility with features like coretime, elastic scaling, and async backing for improved performance.
```

Reviewer: Also, I'm not totally sure about this sentence:

`The platform enables users to launch Ethereum-compatible chains`

idk honestly, it sounds just a bit off to me. Maybe it would be better to say something like?
`The platform enables users to launch Ethereum-compatible projects`

Author: I mean, it technically does that. You can deploy parachains like Moonbeam that have 1:1 evm compatibility

## Polkadot Hub

Polkadot Hub is a Layer 1 platform that serves as the primary entry point to the Polkadot ecosystem, providing essential functionality without requiring parachain deployment. It offers core services including smart contracts, identity management, staking, governance, and interoperability with other ecosystems, making it simple and fast for both builders and users to get started in Web3.

## PolkaVM

> A cutting-edge virtual machine designed specifically for the Polkadot ecosystem that enables smart contract deployment and execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PolkaVM is a custom virtual machine optimized for performance, leveraging a RISC-V-based architecture to support Solidity and any language that compiles to RISC-V. It is specifically designed for the Polkadot ecosystem, enabling smart contract deployment and execution.
```
